part0/0.5.md, before:

# 0.5: Single page app diagram

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant user
    participant browser
    participant server
  
    user->>browser: Clicks on a Link to access the Notes SPA
    activate browser

    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/spa
    activate server
    server-->>browser: HTML document
    deactivate server

    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/main.css
    activate server
    server-->>browser: the css file
    deactivate server

    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/spa.js
    activate server
    server-->>browser: the JavaScript SPA file
    deactivate server

    Note right of browser: The browser starts executing the JavaScript code that fetches the JSON from the server

    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/data.json
    activate server
    server-->>browser: [{ "content": "HTML is easy", "date": "2023-1-1" }, ... ]
    deactivate server

    Note right of browser: The browser executes the callback function that renders the notes

    browser->>user: Web Page
    deactivate browser
    Note right of user: The user receives the web page, containing the current notes

 
```

Commit message:

Added note under first user event

part0/0.5.md, after:

# 0.5: Single page app diagram

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant user
    participant browser
    participant server
  
    user->>browser: Clicks on a Link to access the Notes SPA
    activate browser

    Note right of user: The user enters the page somehow (via a link or any other source)

    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/spa
    activate server
    server-->>browser: HTML document
    deactivate server

    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/main.css
    activate server
    server-->>browser: the css file
    deactivate server

    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/spa.js
    activate server
    server-->>browser: the JavaScript SPA file
    deactivate server

    Note right of browser: The browser starts executing the JavaScript code that fetches the JSON from the server

    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/data.json
    activate server
    server-->>browser: [{ "content": "HTML is easy", "date": "2023-1-1" }, ... ]
    deactivate server

    Note right of browser: The browser executes the callback function that renders the notes

    browser->>user: Web Page
    deactivate browser
    Note right of user: The user receives the web page, containing the current notes

 
```
